Add base firmware for the Freja 65 (#21026)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/wolf/freja65/readme.md

Reviewer: 1. Please can flash (command) example be added?

Author: Does flash work with RP2040?

# Freja 65

> ![Freja 65](https://i.imgur.com/SGV0j4A.jpeg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Freja 65](https://i.imgur.com/SGV0j4Ah.jpeg)
```

The following is the QMK Firmware for the Freja 65 PCB.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Wolf](https://github.com/ToastyStoemp)
* Hardware Supported: Freja65 PCB
* Hardware Availability: https://www.helheim.design/collections/freja65-collection/products/65-soldered-pcb

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make wolf/freja65:default

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

> ## Bootloader Enter the bootloader in 2 ways: 
> * **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key ESC key and plug in the keyboard (Top Left most switch)
> * **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the back of the PCB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Bootloader Enter the bootloader in 3 ways: 
* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key ESC key and plug in the keyboard (Top Left most switch)
* **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the back of the PCB
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `QK_BOOT` if it is available
```
